README.md, before:

# Solidus Recently Viewed

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed)

This extension maintains and displays a list of the products a user has recently viewed.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'solidus_recently_viewed', github: 'solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed', branch: 'X-X-stable'
  ```

  The `branch` option is important: it must match the version of Spree you're using.
  For example, use `3-0-stable` if you're using Spree `3-0-stable` or any `3.0.x` version.

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree:recently_viewed:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

---

## Contributing

See corresponding [guidelines][4]

---

Copyright (c) 2009-2015 [Roman Smirnov][6], [Brian Quinn][7] and other [contributors][8], released under the [New BSD License][3]

[1]: http://www.fsf.org/licensing/essays/free-sw.html
[2]: https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/issues
[3]: https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/blob/master/LICENSE.md
[4]: https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[6]: https://github.com/romul
[7]: https://github.com/BDQ
[8]: https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/graphs/contributors

Commit message:

Use Deface frontend overrides only for test environment
Deface overrides for frontend pages are by default injected only in test
environment in order to make specs pass and as a basic working example of how
the plugin may work in real life.

Some usage instructions have been added to README in order to introduce the
change and show the plugin views usage in a real Solidus app.

README.md, after:

# Solidus Recently Viewed

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed)

This extension maintains and displays a list of the products a user has recently viewed.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'solidus_recently_viewed', github: 'solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed', branch: 'X-X-stable'
  ```

  The `branch` option is important: it must match the version of Spree you're using.
  For example, use `3-0-stable` if you're using Spree `3-0-stable` or any `3.0.x` version.

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree:recently_viewed:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

5. Setup frontend views

  For a quick implementation you may prefer to use the included `Deface` overrides by customizing directives in [add_recently_viewed_products.rb](https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/blob/master/app/overrides/add_recently_viewed_products.rb) setting `enabled: true`.

  For a more fine grained implementation you can rewrite `Deface` injected partials according to needs and use them directly in views as you prefer.

---

## Contributing

See corresponding [guidelines][4]

---

Copyright (c) 2009-2015 [Roman Smirnov][6], [Brian Quinn][7] and other [contributors][8], released under the [New BSD License][3]

[1]: http://www.fsf.org/licensing/essays/free-sw.html
[2]: https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/issues
[3]: https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/blob/master/LICENSE.md
[4]: https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[6]: https://github.com/romul
[7]: https://github.com/BDQ
[8]: https://github.com/solidusio-contrib/solidus_recently_viewed/graphs/contributors
